Hey, good morning family. I'm going to talk to you all about the time when Jesus woke me up in the middle of the night and ministered to me.
This was around October of 2014, and this experience forever changed my life.
I just feel in my heart that when I first started out on YouTube, I tried to tell you all what He said, and I thought I would do it again because it gets buried by the algorithm.
It gets buried at the bottom and nobody sees it among all these new faces here, and I want to tell people because this was an experience I had with Him that changed my life forever.
So, here we go. I was sleeping, and all of a sudden, I felt a tap on my right shoulder right here.
I was just laying in bed on my side and I felt this wake up, and I heard this wake up—I'm talking audibly, 'Wake up.'He touched me, and I woke up and looked over, and Jesus was standing in my room.
Most people say, 'Was this a vision?'No, this was not a vision.
This was real. I'm talking about Him manifesting in my house.
This was one of only two times that it wasn't an open-eyed vision; this was a face-to-face experience with Him touching my shoulder and waking me up out of my sleep.
It startled me so much when this happened because I didn't recognize Him at the time.
When you're waking up out of a sleep and rubbing your eyes, I looked over and Jesus was standing there.
I felt His glory and presence, and my initial reaction was, 'Am I dying?
I'm going home; He's coming to get me.'But He said, 'I've come to answer your prayers.'I asked, 'Lord, what's happening?
What's going on?'All of a sudden, I looked at my floor, and my floor was alive.
The glory of the Lord was so strong that the floor was breathing. There was a portal opened in my floor.
I was sitting on the edge of my bed, and I flipped my feet over the edge, looking at that portal below my feet.
Jesus was standing right there on my right hand, and I was looking at this portal.
The portal was alive, and I could feel the air breathing; it was blowing my hair.
At that time, I had a little bit more hair than I have now. I could feel the breeze from the portal breathing.
It was moving like a waterfall, but the light was moving down and up like a whirlpool.
He said to me—and mind you, my wife was sleeping next to me, she never knew any of this happened, she was out cold—I said, 'Lord, what do you want me to do?'He said, 'I want you to jump inside that portal.'I said, 'You want me to jump?'He said, 'Brandon, trust me.'I looked at him, shocked, because this was all happening so fast.
If anybody experienced this, it would mess with them. Jesus was standing there in a beautiful white robe, and His hair was flowing because of the air from the portal.
I said, 'Okay, Lord,'and all of a sudden, I pushed myself off the bed and went straight down into that tunnel.
It felt like Mario Brothers when you go into the tunnel; it transported you to another part.
When I jumped inside that hole, I was taken to the past. I was standing at a hospital where my wife and I had our daughter, Megan. He said, 'Brandon, I'm giving you a chance.
You've asked Me and asked Me, and I hear the cries of your heart to go back in time.'You always asked Me, 'If I could just go back in time, Lord, when she got her shot, I could stop that and keep her from getting this severe autism.'I always said it.
I I'd clean the bathrooms of the church, vacuuming the halls, doing everything over and over, thinking, 'If I could just have gone back in time and warned myself, I wouldn't have let this wreck my life.'I literally said it all the time: 'I wish I could have a redo.'When He stood there, He said, 'I'm going to give you the time to go and change the future.
I want you to go and tell yourself.'I ran up the stairs to the doctor's office on the fourth floor.
I busted through the doors and saw my younger self sitting there with my daughter and wife.
They were getting ready to administer the shot. I said, 'Stop!'Just like that, the young me froze.
I told the nurse to stop because I saw my older self there. All of a sudden, Jesus came and said, 'I want to show you the power of a choice.
I want to show you what happens by a choice.'He threw His hand open, and a screen appeared in front of my face.
Everything froze in time. In the vision, Megan didn't get that shot, but He painted the outcome of each year in front of me.
He said, 'Brandon, I want to show you what happened by this choice.'I had told Him, 'Lord, You've called me to be a healing evangelist, to lay hands on the sick, but I feel like a hypocrite because my own daughter is still overcoming.
I've laid hands on her a thousand times and never felt the anointing go into her.'I had always kept this private; I wouldn't even let anybody say the word 'autistic.'If you did, I wanted to fight you.
That's how strong it was to me because faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
I got flaky about it and wouldn't let doctors diagnose her because life and death are in the power of the tongue.
I knew there was a serious issue because of what happened, and I was scared.
It was bondage. She would rock in the corner and scream all night long.
It was literal hell on Earth for years before I allowed them to diagnose her and get her therapies.
I was trying to believe God by faith because of the prophecies over my life.
The Lord showed me, 'Brandon, I want to show you what happens with Megan now; she is developing normally, but you're not changing.
The pressure from her circumstance changes you. It puts you through the Refiner's Fire.'He told me, 'Brandon, I did not do this.
I did not cause her to be autistic, but whatever the devil turns for bad, I will turn it for good in your favor.
No matter how bad the circumstance is, I will always turn it for good.
I'm not the one who caused the autism; it's a fallen world where things happen.'That's the picture He painted for me.
I want to say exactly what He said, but it's been so long that I'm forgetting some words, so bear with me.
He painted the picture year by year. He said, 'Brandon, do you see right here?
You have a lot of anger issues that you're still overcoming.
You were very verbally abusive to your wife.'I was; I belittled her a lot when I first got married.
I was young and stupid. He said, 'Because of this, a wall develops between you and your wife over time.
Megan is developing normally, but your wife leaves you right here.'He pointed out the year.
'She takes your daughter and moves to Texas. You see her every two weeks because you don't have full custody.
Diana gets remarried to another man.'He showed me the man. He said, 'Then you become very bitter and angry because of the choices you've made.
You're off track with your call because this pressure from having a child with special needs is molding your character.
It's breaking you down and making you pliable in My hands. I did not do it, but I will use it.'The pressure of my daughter's situation changed me.
In the alternate timeline where she was normal, I saw that my son was never born, and the daughter we will have in the future would not be born.
There is a call on her life for things I'm going to do in the next thousand years that would not be set in motion.
He said, 'You say you've messed up your life and can't be used now, but Brandon, all things work together for good for those that love the Lord and are called according to His purpose.
You're not big enough to mess up your life or derail it. If you stay in right standing and seek Me daily, I will take what the devil meant for bad and turn it for good.
There's not enough power in hell to derail your call, son.'So, I saw each year play out.
Having a child with special needs molded me into who I am today.
If you've never been a caretaker for someone with special needs, you don't know the tears.
She only slept two hours a night for years. I would go to work so tired I'd fall asleep against the wall while cleaning toilets.
We were barely making it on food stamps. My wife would be at home crying, and I'd have to drive Megan around just so she would fall asleep.
She wouldn't wear clothes for years because the texture weirded her out.
We were ecstatic just to get her to wear a diaper or a nightgown.
All that time was pressure, and it molds you. What happens to a diamond when coal is under pressure?
It's transformed into something beautiful. Just like it is with the caterpillar in a cocoon.
If you remove that cocoon before it's time, the butterfly won't have the strength to fly.
The pressure of the cocoon makes the butterfly who it is. We think the storms of life are destroying us, but they are making us who we are.
We ask God to remove the pressure, but He says, 'All things are possible to him that believe.
I'm going to turn it around for good.'Don't just embrace the struggle; fight and resist it.
Submit to God, resist the devil, and he will flee. The process of the fight is what changes us.
In this situation, God did not do this—the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy—but God used it to develop who I am.
He told me He was going to use me for ministry and that the intensity of the storm would subside.
We go from glory to glory and mature to handle the pressure better. The Potter is molding the clay.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels so the power is of Him and not of us.
If you think you've derailed your life because you were a bad person or a victim of abuse, you are not disqualified.
God will take beauty from ashes. That pain is going to help you help someone else walking through it. You'll have compassion that others won't.
When I see a child with special needs in the store, my spirit weeps because I've been through that pain.
You can tell them, 'You can make it too.'There were days I wanted to drive my car off a bridge because the pain was so much, but I fought through it because I knew God had a plan.
It was raw and real. There were days I didn't have enough money for a gallon of milk, and I felt all alone.
But my hope is built on nothing less than Jesus'blood and righteousness.
I believe with all my heart that by the stripes of Jesus, Megan is healed.
The full manifestation is sometimes a process, but seeing change is still a miracle.
I trust Him with all my heart and lean not onto my own understanding.
I could get upset and ask, 'Lord, why hasn't the full manifestation happened yet?
Why is she still not talking?'But I say, 'I trust You, Father.
Not my will, but Yours be done.'I used to complain that I couldn't go out and minister, but the Lord said, 'Brandon, Megan does not validate My word.
My word validates itself. It is a pillar that stands alone. I don't need her full manifestation for you to tell people I'm a Healer.
My word is enough.'In Galatians 3:13, Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law.
That is the foundation. I'm not moved by what I see or feel; I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
So, back to the portal—He told me, 'Go back and give your daughter a hug.
Thank her right now for how her life is changing yours. Stay in an atmosphere of praise.'I had been complaining all the time.
I went home and held Megan and said, 'I love you, and Daddy's sorry I didn't hear Him right.
Your life is changing me.'Don't give up. All things work together for good.
Keep on keeping on. Jesus is the Healer yesterday, today, and forever.
Do not give up on your unsaved loved ones or those who haven't seen their full manifestation yet.
Stay on God's side. See Him as a good God no matter how hard the trial. The pressure changed me.
If people knew who I was back then, they'd see that person died a long time ago.
The Lord has molded me into who I am today. You are not big enough to mess your life up.
The steps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord. Whatever the devil meant for bad, the Lord will turn for good.
Trust Him with all your heart. Father, I thank You for every person here.
I thank You that no weapon formed against us shall prosper. You have a plan for us to prosper and be in health.
You are the great Creator with a plan for every one of us. If the devil throws a log in our path, You'll turn it into toothpicks.
We praise You in the storms and in the good times. We say God is faithful.
I speak healing over their bodies now. Now faith is the substance of things hoped for.
I believe for 'now.'Megan's healing is now. I thank You for their deliverance now.
We thank You, Lord, that You are the Deliverer. I plead the blood of Jesus over their marriages, homes, and children.
Today is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it. Rejoice in the Lord always, and again I say, rejoice.
If you liked this video, it was a bit different, but I felt it on my heart to share my journey.
Megan is doing better every day. Please subscribe, like, and click the notification bell.
It helps the algorithm get the gospel out. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you. God bless you all. Bye-bye.